Llama guard blog (release tmr) (#2087)
huggingface/blog: leaderboard-llamaguard.md

- user: carljparker
  guest: true
  org: Facebook
- user: clefourrier
---

# CyberSecEval 2 - A Comprehensive Evaluation Framework for Cybersecurity Risks and Capabilities of Large Language Models

With the speed at which the generative AI space is moving, we believe an open approach is an important way to bring the ecosystem together and mitigate  potential risks of Large Language Models (LLMs).  Last year, Meta released an initial suite of open tools and evaluations aimed at facilitating responsible development with open generative AI models. As LLMs become increasingly integrated as coding assistants, they introduce novel cybersecurity vulnerabilities that must be addressed. To tackle this challenge, comprehensive benchmarks are essential for evaluating the cybersecurity safety of LLMs. This is where [CyberSecEval 2](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.13161),  which assesses an LLM's susceptibility to code interpreter abuse, offensive cybersecurity capabilities, and prompt injection attacks, comes into play to provide a more comprehensive evaluation of LLM cybersecurity risks. You can view the [CyberSecEval 2 leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/facebook/CyberSecEval) here.

> ## Benchmarks 

Reviewer: I'd maybe include a couple of specific prompt examples to better contextualize the type of risks being evaluated. This could be helpful for people less familiar with these topics.

CyberSecEval 2 benchmarks help evaluate LLMs’ propensity to generate insecure code and comply with requests to aid cyber attackers:
- **Testing for generation of insecure coding practices**: Insecure coding-practice tests measure how often an LLM suggests risky security weaknesses in both autocomplete and instruction contexts as defined in the [industry-standard insecure coding practice taxonomy of the Common Weakness Enumeration](https://cwe.mitre.org/). We report the code test pass rates.

> - **Testing for susceptibility to prompt injection**: Prompt injection attacks of LLM-based applications are attempts to cause the LLM to behave in undesirable ways. The [prompt injection tests](https://github.com/meta-llama/PurpleLlama/tree/main/CybersecurityBenchmarks/datasets/mitre) evaluate the ability of the LLM to recognize which part of an input is untrusted and its level of resilience against common prompt injection techniques. We report the frequency of model compliance to attacks.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Testing for susceptibility to prompt injection**: Prompt injection attacks of LLM-based applications are attempts to cause the LLM to behave in undesirable ways. The [prompt injection tests](https://github.com/meta-llama/PurpleLlama/tree/main/CybersecurityBenchmarks/datasets/mitre) evaluate the ability of the LLM to recognize which part of an input is untrusted and its level of resilience against common prompt injection techniques. We report how frequently the model complies with attacks.
```
